# Reflection
In the module Storming: Who I learned about what should be included as part of the demo as per the targeted audience. If it is for non-technical manager or the client, then it is should be precise and all the visible work should be displayed to the user. Unnecessary information should be avoided.

As part of the Personas topic, I learnt on identifying the users, categorizing them into segments and finding the attributes for the personas. With the assignment on the user persona creation, I better understood the application thinking from the user point of view. I thought of types of users that can exist for the project and what are their current pain points and how well the application can be designed to address and mitigate their issues.

We had a discussion on the requirements of the project and a retro on to understand what went well. We identified the modules for the project and divided the team into 4 sub-teams with each team having 5 members. Each team is handling one module for now. This is all done for the project progress. There were some conflicts in between and we tried to resolve them.

Design thinking is a new concept for me. As part of this, I learned about Human-centered design and the use of empathy while doing the design thinking. I understood that this is a continuous process and with the feedback, the prototype has to be improved. 

I liked the class activity done for roles &responsibilities as it helped me to understand how important the roles and the associated responsibilites are and the responsibility matrix. And also liked the pig and chicken story. 

In the next module, I am interested in learning about how the project structure should be as I could see that many are starting with the coding but very few are thinking on the broader perspective on what all are first needed to start with the coding. I feel that risk analysis, dependency identification, database design, requirement analysis, feature identification, these all are as important as the implementation of code. So it would be better if the assignments are directed in that way.
