# Reflection
In the module Forming: How I learned about what should be included as part of the technical requirements and also to identify the scope of the environments needed for the project. With the assignment on local environment setup, I got a chance to brush up my skills on docker setup, writing the dockerfile and docker-compose file. We also got into a long discussion on what is docker, what docker does, and how it is connected to web applications. 
In the class activity about the retrospective meeting, we as a team started discussing the loathed points but due to limited time we then individually gave our points on loved and learned. As this was the first retrospective for many on the team, I thought that it would have been better if more time was given for everyone to put their points out.
I do have a good knowledge of testing as I worked as part of the testing team but with the presentation, I got a brush up on the basics, like the types of testing, what to test, Property-based testing, Example-based testing, Static analysis, and Red-green refactor. Also, got insights on different types of test frameworks available to test javascript. I got a clear understanding of spies, mocks, and stubs. 
With the assignment on the pipeline, I got a chance to explore the available GitHub actions for linting. I first tried super-linter which supports multiple tools but it was expecting a GitHub token, so I then changed it to Eslint which is specific to javascript. 
For the unit testing assignment, I went through different templates and designed the template for the requirement specification document. We discussed the requirements and ideas to implement it. I got a chance to explore the MERN stack and Jest framework and check the feasibility of it with the project. I did the project skeleton for the front end and back end. I learned to implement the API in express node js and also mock it with Jest. 
In the next module, I am interested in learning about requirement analysis, story estimation, risk analysis, and identifying the dependencies for user stories. This would help the team in picking up the user stories and estimating them. An introduction to any designing tool like Figma would help design the wireframes/prototypes.
