# Reflection
In the module Norming: Context, I learned about the importance of metrics. Metrics are the quantifiable measures which are used to understand the project status. It helps us to measure what matters, such as code quality, productivity, and efficiency. They provide a clear picture of the project's status. Some metrics are work log, test coverage, team velocity, release burndown chart, etc.

In the information radiators topic, I have learned about what is called an information radiator. An information radiator a visual displays that provide the project information at a glance. From this, we can understand the current status of a project and it highlights the importance of visualizing the data for effective communication within a development team. Tools like Gantt charts offer a timeline view of the project, making it easier to understand the project flow.

Lastly, I felt like understanding the differences between a project, product, and platform is important. A project is something where the time and budget are involved in delivering a unique product or service. A product is in the long run focused on solving a problem or satisfying a need. A platform is a group of technologies upon which other applications or processes are developed.

In my view, considering software development as a product is better than considering it as a project or platform. It shifts the focus from just delivering within time and budget to delivering value to the customer, ensuring the software meets the user’s needs. This approach promotes a more user-centric and value-driven development process.

In the next module, I am interested in learning about the importance of internal team demos and knowledge transfers.