# Reflection
In the module Norming: Flow I learned about how important it is to immerse ourselves and enjoy doing the things that we do. The TedTalk was both informative and inspirational. To be in a flow state is to be productive. I learnt on different techniques that could help me and also the team to be productive. Few of them are GTD, Pomodoro, Kanban etc. Any change has to be done to the team only if it improves the overall quality of the product. The team structure should be in such a way that the personal productivity and team productivity are high. As a team, we should also plan on the generativity. The assignment has given me a thought of using a project management tool like Jira or to setup something in github as well where we can extract burndown charts and all. But, I still need to pitch in the thought to the team.

We as a team are yet to achieve a sustainable pace. I understood that how important it is for the team to achieve a sustainable pace as without this the team feels demotivated and it would be difficult to plan on the releases and iterations. I learnt about how team velocity plays a major role in planning the iterations. The feel that burndown charts are really helpful to understand the team's velocity. Also, the devEx is a great concept that I learnt about. 

As part of the Kanban topic, I learnt that Kanban promotes practice over theory and also how Toyota production system used this concept of just in time manufacturing. Even though I worked on Kanban before, this topic discussion has cleared few of my doubts on how to tackle a situtation on the board when an issue was asked to work upon again. I learnt about how the kanban minimize all the unnecessary waste and increases the value of the project. Kanban helps in having a continuous flow in a way which increases the productivity. But also it has to be planned in such a way to increase value, quality and speed over time.

I liked the class activity done for kanban example as it helped me to understand on how important it is to increase the speed of delivery with quality.

In the next module, I am interested in learning about how important it is for the team update on the status of the work that is being done to the entire team. An internal team demos might helps for everyone to understand on the current status of the project and what all are done and what has to be done yet.
