# Reflection
As I am a late enrollee, I missed the first week's classes but I tried my best to catch up in the next week. The first module covered enough basics for me to understand what is the significance of "value" in software development. Software development generally targets creating some value for the customer or client. For example, when I was in the industry, we would have regular meet-ups with the clients to understand what are their tasks and what issues they are facing and ask questions about them. With these points in hand, we used to come up with what products we can offer then that are a value addition to the customers. Value can be anything, sometimes it is just a reduction in manual effort, or in some cases, it is in financial terms. The first modules also covered project briefings, which gave an overview of what the client was expecting from it. It may not be a detailed requirement document but good enough to understand the problems that are facing the client and for us to think about what application can we come up with to address this problem. With my experience in the IT industry and by asking questions about it, I got a better understanding of the projects. I am hoping my knowledge will be useful to build a better design. The additional resources that are provided in the module are also really helpful. I believe that the tips on asking the right questions would help me a lot at any point in time as I feel that we should relate to those 4 tips while asking any question. I knew about the importance of empathy when creating a software product but the articles in the additional resources really helped me to broaden my perspective. I understood the different types of empathy and why it is very important in design thinking. If I am able to stand in the shoes of my user, I create a better design than when I am thinking from my perspective. For instance, when we were creating a web application that could be used by varied customers, I had to take into consideration all the accessibility features to accommodate all the users. Some people may have issues with visions and some may have issues with listening. Only when I understand the user, I would think about adding features like read-out-loud or transcripts for videos or audio files.

In the second module, SDLC, architecture, and prototypes are covered. Though I have a good idea of SDLC, agile, and waterfall methodologies, there were a lot of new things to learn. I understood clearly what are the Agile principles that have to be followed. In the past, I worked in multiple teams that were colocated, distributed, and remote but now I have a different understanding of what are the different tools and techniques available to be successful irrespective of how the team is located and what is the importance of proximity in some cases. Coming to architecture, I worked with architecture diagrams in the past and the assignment was a great exercise to revise my skills. I got a chance to design both system-level and solution architecture. Doing the architecture design, I got a chance to discuss with my peers what should be the tech stack and what suits better for the applications that we are building better. that was a productive discussion. Additional resources provided to learn more about architectural design really helped me. I mostly worked with microservices architecture and it was great to learn about all the other architectures like CQRS and Event Driven, etc. I also learned about SysML diagram. For the prototypes, I am not really great at UI design but while drawing the designs for the application UI, I got the idea of how important the UI design is and how to improve it. I got a chance to even try an AI tool called UIzard that creates prototypes just by taking textual commands. Though I did not use it much because of the premium pricing, it has given me an idea of the placement of elements on a page. With the class activity and the peer discussion, I learned how important the review meetings are to understand everyone's perspective and come up with a good design, starting from the placement of UI elements to how to better utilize the space and draw the attention of the end user.

Overall, both the modules gave me a very good intro to the class, and have a lot to learn from. 